Add multi-tenancy support (#114)
widefix/actual_db_schema: README.md

Based on your selection, a post-checkout hook will be installed or updated in your `.git/hooks` folder.

## Multi-Tenancy Support

> If your application uses multiple schemas or tenants, you can configure ActualDbSchema to manage migrations across all schemas by adding the following to your initializer file (`config/initializers/actual_db_schema.rb`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application leverages multiple schemas for multi-tenancy — such as those implemented by the [apartment](https://github.com/influitive/apartment) gem or similar solutions — you can configure ActualDbSchema to handle migrations across all schemas. To do so, add the following configuration to your initializer file (`config/initializers/actual_db_schema.rb`):
```
